Updating Rollback Pages (#455)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/latest/modules/en/pages/installation-and-upgrade/rollbacks.adoc

= Rollbacks
:revdate: 2025-08-26
:page-revdate: {revdate}
:experimental:

> This page outlines how to rollback Rancher to a previous version after an upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page outlines how to roll back Rancher to a previous version after an upgrade.
```

* If you need to restore Rancher to its previous state at the same Rancher version, see the xref:rancher-admin/back-up-restore-and-disaster-recovery/restore.adoc[restore documentation].
====

> == Rolling Back to Rancher v2.8.0+
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We shouldn't list any specific version (unless it's a special case) because the listed version will be EOL eventually

> To roll back to Rancher v2.8.0+, use the *Rancher Backups* application and restore Rancher from backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To roll back Rancher to a lower/previous version, use the *Rancher Backups* application and restore Rancher from backup.
```
